crack the cyber code !


Objective: participant walk through the campus scanning qr codes to different cybersecurity challenges( these challenges can be completely completed using smartphones) 
mentality : solved a challenge --> win a prize

!!! Beginner level :
1-base 64 decoding : "ZmxhZ3t0aGlzX2lzX2Jhc2U2NH0=" --> flag{this_is_base64} 
2-what is used to verify your identity online ?
	password-----
	firewall
	algorithm
3-I scramble your data to keep it safe from prying eyes.What am i?
	encryption-----
	vpn
	authentication
4-I’m the password’s smarter sibling, an extra step to keep bad guys from slipping. What am I? 2FA
5-I am a secret phrase that you must remember, used to unlock access, like a digital member. What am I?
Answer: Password
6-I am the secret key you must know, to unlock the data flow. What am I?
Answer: Decryption key
7-I use the same key to encrypt and decrypt, ensuring data remains kept. What am I?
Answer: Symmetric encryption

!!! Intermediate level:
8- Caesar Cipher Decryption: <message tkon esm event >
9- I'm a silent creep,  i hide, control your system, try to reside
	virus
	rootkit-----
	backdoor
10-I sign my emails digitally to prove, that they come from me and not a spoof. What am I?
Answer: Digital signature
11-hidden flag in page source : they have to inspect the html source code :
<!-- flag{hidden_in_source} --
12-I help you log in without typing a word, using fingerprints or faces unheard. What am I?
Answer: Biometric authentication
13-I pretend to be someone you know, to trick you into letting information flow. What am I?
Answer: Social engineering
!!! Advanced level:
14- sqli
15- xss
16- deepfake detection :
scenario :  Participants are presented with a series of audio some of which are deepfakes.
17-I lock your files and demand a fee, unless you want to lose your key. What am I?Ransomware
18-I spread like wildfire, infecting everything in sight, taking down your files with a bite. What am I?Computer Virus
19-I hide in plain sight, pretending to be legit, to catch you off guard with my counterfeit. What am I? phishing site





type of content:
1- who am i
2- choose the correct answer


